He was the most shameful thing that made Su Yu disfigured.
But I don’t know why Su Yu didn’t want to. Not only did he not hate him,
Oh, yes, this person,
It’s still the hard work that has just been done.
To the guilty. What happened between them,
I never agreed. Xiaoyun,
Lai Qingjin agrees. They came all the way to see you.
Xiao Feng Yun, okay, I’m missing. Xiaoyun.
Xiao Feng Yun, you misunderstood.
I don't blame him for this, my face was hurt because of it.
Wei Wu must die, girl
He can even refuse the confession of his god brother
General Ning Sheng is really big
Does Xiao Zhenghu know you are so Xiao Zhang? He cooperates
Even if it’s the King of Northern War